yoda relies on these external program for execution of few words:

      realpath    # used in yoda for finding the directory where yoda resides,
                  # and to create unique paths for list of files even when
                  # path specification differs (relative vs. absolute, symlinks etc)

      sort        # used by crossref.
                  # As I may remove crossref, this dependency may get dropped

      nl          # currently used to number listed items in files

      grep        # added to support new experimental dependency based resolving
                  # which augments existing forward referencing scheme. Used to
                  # build dependency files by scanning libraries

      awk         # added to support new experimental dependency based resolving
                  # which augments existing forward referencing scheme. Used to
                  # search dependency file for word to file association.

No test for their presence is performed, as both are considered pretty standard
on any system able to run bash.

Optionally, a supported editor is used by:

      edit
      doc
      undoc
(these are all related to viewing and editing documentation files)

      fix
      review
(in library file "fix")

"Support" means, an editor which can, after opening
the file, move the cursor to a position as specified on command line.
Ideally to column and row, but just to row is ok too.
For two handfuls of editors, supporting code has been added, and can be
found in the file libs/fix. Using those definitions it shouldn't be
too hard to add support for other editors not listed there.
The editors for which support has been preconfigured are:

      nano
      mcedit
      jupp
      joe
      vi
      emacs
      featherpad
      mousepad
      efte
      gedit

Any of those can be specified in yoda.conf configuration file.


screen libraries for controlling cursor and attributes rely on
presence of tput. No yoda internal references to any word 
depending on it exist.
