For starting, you need at least the files yoda, yoda.core
and the directory lib with its subdirectories.

While yoda will be able to run all alone, current
preconfiguration depends on a number of files
in the lib directory.

Further instructions therefore assume presence of
populated lib directory:

For an initial test run, change to the directory which
contains the file yoda and the subdirecty "lib" with at
least the file "fix" in it, and run there:

   `bash yoda`

Should you be greeted with a "yoda shell" message, your
setup appears to be fine. Verify by tapping the "Enter"
key: an " ok" message should be produced.

in case of an error at this point:
   * yoda tries to build library dependencies at first run, and
   requires external command grep for this. does grep exist?

   * if yoda quits with a message complaining about unresolved
   forward references, make sure the directory lib exists and
   is populated (contains a handful of subdirectories with files
   in them)

   * including library files relies on presence of the "realpath"
   command, which comes with coreutils. verify that you have it.

   * the bash shell required. does executing "bash" alone still
   throw an error

   * execute instead:   bash yoda boot quit prompt
   this prevents loading from libraries, thereby booting into
   a slightly simpler environment. Should this work, the problem
   seems to be with library, configured path to library, or yoda
   failing to build dependencies. Should this fail too, the file
   yoda.core may be missing, or due to another very elementary
   precondition (incompatible bash version, file privileges)

Now proceed with finalising the installation:
1. create a symlink to yoda in a directory which
   is in your PATH.  Placing the symlink in your directory
   /usr/local/bin may be a good candidate, let it point to
   the file yoda in the directory where you installed it.

As result of the above step should you now be able to launch
yoda from anywhere.

2. edit and customise, if appropriate, the file yoda.conf,
which can be found in the same directory where yoda resides.
All settings should have reasonable defaults, but your preferences
may differ.
Especially the editor setting may be worth of taking note here.

3. Test editor by launching yoda, then try to open the source
of a word by entering review followed by the name of the word.
For example:

   `review quit`

should open the definition of quit in the editor. Similarily, the
definition of "review" itself can be opened too:

   `review review`

4. If you copied the doc directory, test whether its contents
are found, by entering, for example:

   `about about`    ( or any other word of your liking, as long it has already been documented )

   `concerning memory`

If these succeed too, you're all set.
